:Description
Kazakstan has relocated its capital from the southern city of Almaty to the northern industrial city of Akmola.  Over fifty per cent of the population of Akmola is Russian and twenty per cent Kazak.  After nightmarish hyperinflation of 3000% in 1993, the Kazak government has succeeded in stabilising the economy and has reduced inflation to under 27%.  The country is heavily dependant upon Russia for its electricity.  In its desperate need for foreign currency, Russia has raised the price of electricity and sabotaged Kazakstan's efforts to attract foreign investment needed to exploit their considerable oil and gas reserves and to build new power stations

The failure of foreign investment has regrettably caused inflation to run out of control, with consequential unrest amongst Kazak government employees and the armed forces.  The situation has deteriorated rapidly, with large sections of the Kazak army and air force under mutiny and their anger directed at the Russian population.  The rebels have declared their intentions to overthrow the government and impose ethnic cleansing.  In the capital city of Akmola there is now heavy fighting between the rebels and the loyal government forces.  Large numbers of Russians are being driven from their homes.  The Kazak government has requested Russian assistance to defeat the rebels and restore control.
:Successful
Comrade, congratulations on the completion of this brilliantly conducted campaign. Your contribution to the war effort has won you many friends. The rebel mutiny has been totally crushed and their treacherous leaders are in prison. The democratic Kazakstan government is again in control and ethnic tensions in Akmola are receding.
:Failure
Comrade, the unacceptable attrition rate of the Hind aircrew has forced the government to withdraw the task force and leave the Kazak government to resolve its own problems. A stream of Russian refugees is trekking north from Kazakstan into Russia. Your career as a Hind pilot is in doubt.
:EOF
