:Description
A failed coup by hard line communist ex-government ministers in Yemen's capital Sana today has lead to widespread fighting amongst various tribal factions. The British and American governments are getting increasingly concerned for the safety of Western nationals.
A peace initiative and mediation attempt by the Saudi Arabians through the UN has made little progress. In the interests of neutrality the Saudi's have closed their border with Yemen. They have denied a request by the British and Americans to allow any evacuation to take place via them or the use of any of their bases or resources as this would breach the trust they have built up with all of the factions and jeopardise the peace initiative.
The British and American governments have announced that they are setting up a joint task force off the port of Al 'Adan (Aden) as a contingency measure. The task force will be under overall American command. The US navy ships are the aircraft carrier Dwight D. Eisenhower, the helicopter assault ship Tarawa which includes a rapid deployment force of Apache Longbows, a guided missile cruiser Long Beach, four Spruance class destroyers and four Oliver Hazard Perry frigates. The Royal Navy has added the Armilla patrol ships HMS Brilliant, Sheffield and the carrier Illustrious and several support ships.
A spokesmen for the Yemen government has said any evacuation attempt by the Western imperialist nations will be treated as a breach of their sovereignty and an act of war and will be dealt with accordingly.
After two further days of very heavy fighting and several reports of American and European casualties the following message has just been broadcast on the BBC World Service. "As the fighting has continued to escalate and the Yeman government cannot guarantee the safety of foreign personnel, the British and American governments have decided to evacuate all foreign nationals. An embarkation area is at this moment being secured by US marines at an airport north of Al 'Adan where all expatriates and foreign workers should assemble by 6pm local time tomorrow at the latest."
:Successful
The campaign has been very successful with all of the western nationals successfully rescued. Western leaders have sent messages of congratulation for a mission well accomplished. Extensive praise and news coverage of the campaign has made the forces involved very popular, especially the rapid deployment force of Apaches.
:Failure
Due to the unacceptable equipment attrition and casualty rate the allies have had no choice but to halt the evacuation and withdraw the task force. This failure is largely due to your poor performance.
:EOF
