:Description
North Korea has massed its troops on the border with South Korea in response to planned joint American and South Korean exercises. The North Koreans have stated that if the exercises go ahead they will consider them a direct provocation and act of aggression. Before the death of Kim Il Sung the country was becoming increasingly destitute, unstable and unpredictable.
The exercises go ahead as planned under the watchful eyes of the North Koreans. Once they have finished the Americans scale down their forces to their normal levels but keep them on high alert. The North Koreans then start their own exercises with the grand finale of an unexpected armoured thrust across a limited length of the border straight towards the South Korean capital Seoul, 28 miles away. The attack must be stopped before it reaches the capital and then pushed back to the border before the UN arran
ges a cease-fire and territory is ceded. The American and South Korean troops have extensive air support at their disposal including a rapid deployment force of Apache helicopters.
:Successful
At 6am local time this morning the North Korean commander in charge of the attack on Seoul issued the following orders. "The encirclement of this brave and courageous expeditionary force with the resultant shortage of supplies and ammunition has made further action futile. I am therefore ordering all forces to lay down their arms immediately and surrender. The American and South Korean governments have both guaranteed the safety of all troops complying with this order and prominently displaying a white fla
g." United Nations peace keeping troops are being redeployed in the demilitarised zone. The North's failure is causing Kim II Sung considerable domestic difficulties with extensive rioting in P'yongyang.  The American and South Korean troops have performed extremely well, especially the Apache helicopter rapid deployment force. The American President is flying to South Korea to personally thank all those who took part in the operation and to award campaign medals.
:Failure
Each piece of equipment destroyed and allied casualty has reduced the American President's popularity. As this is an election year, the Americans and South Koreans have agreed to a cease-fire and further UN sponsored talks on the North Koreans territorial claims. Your carelessness and accident rate are clearly a major cause of this humiliation.
:EOF
