:Description
In July 1994 the EC imposed an embargo on all produce from the Turkish-controlled half of Cyprus. With no EC country recognising the Turkish-Cypriot government, no legal authority exists to sign the relevant paperwork. Turkey has retaliated by renewing its claims to all of Cyprus following this economic isolation by the EC. Turkish troops and equipment are being moved into the area and the United Nations has been given 72 hours to remove all peace keeping forces from the Green Line buffer zone. Greece has responded by mobilizing its forces in Southern Cyprus. America and Britain have stated that they fully support the United Nations peace keeping force and are strengthening their forces on the island by despatching a joint rapid deployment force to the British bases at Akrotiri and Dhekelia. You are posted to Dhekelia, on the border of Turkish-Cyprus.
As a prelude to an all out attack, Turkish forces have invaded the United Nations green line buffer zone and have taken a number of peace keeping troops hostage. Americans and British forces have responded with a United Nations resolution giving the Turks until 6pm local time to withdraw and release the hostages. At the same time a 20 mile total exclusion zone for all Turkish ships and aircraft comes into effect. This deadline has now passed without compliance. Sporadic artillery duels have begun between Turkish and Greek forces.  
:Successful
The ambitious attack by the allies to restore the islands independence has been very successful with the minimum of allied casualties. The effectiveness of the Apache helicopters has been well publicised and recognised. You are a credit to your armed forces and can expect to be honoured with a major gallantry award.
:Failure
This entire operation had always received very mixed support from the allied population. Unfortunately, their worst fears have been realised with major losses amongst the armed forces. Your Apache squadron had the worst attrition rate with you the poorest pilot. Your squadron has been withdrawn from the front line pending further intensive training. The poor allied performance has lead to them being ejected from Cyprus and humiliated. The best they can now hope to achieve is an unsatisfactory diplomatic solution on unfavourable terms through the United Nations.
:EOF
